Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are finally going to be able to have a product so our cards.
But before then this should be written on the score list and dot lens.
And all this will basically do is it will get us how many products we have had there to our cards.
And what we have to do next is to display the habit item.
To do this, we have to go to the cards screen.
Cut screen.
And we can use try and be.
For now.
We are just going to comment this from this center with that and to where it ends, it hands over it
and we can just commit this OC.
Sorry.
We can just shift this first so it shifts.
And now we can alight.
It ends.
Yeah, and we can comment.
Now we're going to be using something which you've not seen before.
It is known as Cosima.
Consumer.
The consumer has a property known as beta, and the beta is going to take in something known as contest,
which you've seen before, and also something known as value, which is not seen before.
And lastly, it's going to take something known as child.
Okay.
And we need this.
Our function.
Sorry, we are just going to use this type of function, okay?
And over here we can specify it is a type of cards provider that is a card provider class.
Operator.
And if you don't know what the value is, you can see this value as a variable that has access to all
what the cards provider class has.
Or you can just see this value as a variable that stores the card provider class or something like this.
I'm just going to show you a finer and it'd be value equal to.
Kutz.
Provide a class.
Okay.
So what we can just do is instead of saying value, we can.
Rename this to.
We can rename this variable to something like cards provider.
Okay, great.
And over here we are going to return a list view, list, view.
Please view that leader.
Okay.
And as you know, the hearts and beta.
It's going to take something known as contest.
And lastly, the intense grit.
I think over here we need a semicolon and over here we need a comma.
Okay.
I think we still have.
Okay, yeah, we're going to have this error and for now we are then going to return it test.
We just.
Okay.
And we can display the name of the product for now to do this.
We are going to call this card provider.
Remember I said you can see this card provider as a variable that stores these cards per provider class.
And now we can say that DOT gets items and we want to assess each dead card item based on the index
and we just want to assess the name of the products.
Okay.
And this is basically all we need.
And as you know, within the list, view the builder.
It has a property known as item counts.
And this is going to be the card provider that counts.
Okay, great.
The count is referring to the counts we have over over here.
Overall.
You're right.
And to get items is referring to this right.
And you can see over here we are basically adding to that variable.
Okay.
And back to.
The car screen.
And this is basically all we need to do in order to display the card item data.
Okay.
Now, the next thing we have to do is we have to wrap our entire widgets or our entire hub with this
cards provider class.
To do this, we have to go to the.
The main ..5.
Right.
Okay.
Little dots.
And in this map, what we can do is we can alight and use controller and dots and we're going to wrap
this with widgets.
And this is going to be something which you've not seen before.
It is known as multi provider.
Okay.
Rig this the multi provider can take multiple provider and you can see currently we have just one provider
that is the card provider.
And since it can take multiple providers, it has a property known as providers.
You can see it is a list because it can take multiple provider.
Okay.
And we're going to wrap our card provider with something known as Change Notifier provider, which is
very similar to the change notifier change notified provider.
And for the create, we are going to leave it empty by adding the underscore.
And over here we are going to return the cards provider.
Provider.
And this is basically all we need to do in the main file.
And now we can use control and save.
And what we then want to do is when we click on the heart so called button, we want to have that item
to our cart.
To do this, we have to go to the detail directory and then the product detail.
And over here you can see we have the hard to card button, right?
And within this function, what we have to do is to call provider.
Provider.
And then lot of contest.
And over here, we are also going to specify it is a type of card provider.
And they had.
Okay sorry.
And now we can then say that had had item and you can see he's asking for the value for the name of
the products, the price of the products, the quantity, the stock, the images, your URL, the document
ID and lastly, the seller ID for the product.
So for the name of the product is going to be the name we have in our database and.
So this is going to be a product list.
Product lists and products.
Name.
Okay.
And for the prize, this is going to be products laced.
And price.
And for the quantity is basically referring to how many of that products the user wants to buy and default.
We are going to set it to one and four.
The stock is basically referring to how many products we have.
Okay.
For this.
This is going to be products least.
And in stock.
Okay.
And for the images.
This is going to be product list.
Then.
I think we call it US products.
Image.
If you've forgotten this, you can just go to the upload, upload a file where we uploaded all this
product.
You can see products, image and stock price, product name, product ID and so on.
Okay.
And for the document ID is going to be the product ID.
So this is going to be product list.
And products, Heidi.
Make sure you don't have any spell error and or sorry, any spell mistake has you can get some errors.
And this is going to be product.
Least.
Then seller you, Heidi.
And this is basically what we need to do.
Okay.
And lastly.
Right.
We are going to have a trailer commercial and we are going to say listen and we are going to set it
to force in the future.
I'm going to show you the reason for this.
And this is basically it.
And all we have to do now is to hold restart this.
Or we start.
And then we should be able to try this out without any errors.
Okay.
It's going to take some time to start.
And now I'm just going to log into the customer accounts, so I'm going to click on sign up.
Okay.
I think this should be taking us to the seller accounts and not the customer.
We are currently in the customer's screen.
Right.
Okay.
There's an error concerning this navigation.
I believe you can just fix that yourself.
And I'm going to log in and I think I have.
An account known as my colleague.
Famous email, dead calm and password is BGR and AC and click on log in and hopefully I have a strong
network.
Okay.
Sorry for that dog.
And.
Okay.
And we can.
Try this out.
Okay, I'm gonna click on this.
I think we have some slow network cards.
And go to the car screen.
Okay.
Man to jog.
I don't know.
There.
Men.
Okay.
I think we have not fixed that button yet.
I'm just going to start this video quickly because of that barking dog.
But before they are just going to have another again, maybe from the women category.
But Kay and.
How to cut.
And check it out.
OC walking as expected.
Okay guys, see you in the next lecture.